Improving the "contributor's guide" and simplifying the benchmark's schema (#21)
sys-intelligence/system-intelligence-benchmark: benchmarks/arteval_bench/WHY.md

Reviewer: Yes. It is a very great idea. Let us do it.

# Why Artifact Evaluation as an AI Training Task?

> `ArtEvalBenc`h` treats the artifact evaluation (AE) process as a training ground for AI agents to help form core [system intelligence capabilites](https://www.sigops.org/2025/defining-system-intelligence/). During AE, reviewers must reconstruct a target environment from incomplete specifications, build and configure complex software stacks with many implicit assumptions, prepare datasets and external benchmarks whose availability can change over time, run multi-stage experiments under strict resource and time constraints, and verify that reproduced results stay within acceptable margins of those reported in the paper. This makes AE a rich, realistic testbed for AI: agents must reason across all these steps, yet we believe they can be trained to reliably assist reviewers by automating most of this process.

Reviewer 2: Typo

```suggestion
`ArtEvalBench` treats the artifact evaluation (AE) process as a training ground for AI agents to help form core [system intelligence capabilites](https://www.sigops.org/2025/defining-system-intelligence/). During AE, reviewers must reconstruct a target environment from incomplete specifications, build and configure complex software stacks with many implicit assumptions, prepare datasets and external benchmarks whose availability can change over time, run multi-stage experiments under strict resource and time constraints, and verify that reproduced results stay within acceptable margins of those reported in the paper. This makes AE a rich, realistic testbed for AI: agents must reason across all these steps, yet we believe they can be trained to reliably assist reviewers by automating most of this process.
```

> Want to find out more or contribute? Take a look at our [contributor's guide](README.md).

Reviewer 2: How about we link straight to that section?
```suggestion
Want to find out more or contribute? Take a look at our [contributor's guide](README.md#contributors-guide).
```
